that thing's worth goodie made a mighty
fine Santa we've been a bustards ginger
salt in fact that I used to hunt them
all the time back in his bomber yep I
tell you his father sure was and
problems and raising fields as far as
the eye can see folks used to call me on
crow cuz I was the oldest person in the
village finally things were starting to
get a little too quiet for a while there
you're kidding me that thing looks
beyond impossible to open perhaps
somewhere there's a lever or trapdoor to
I don't know
that's convenient
what's happening I don't know whatever
this is not your world you destroyed it
now it's nothing but bones if you can
you don't even know what the world was
like before I took over
nothing much you wouldn't understand the
real reason you're not doing anything is
because you have no reason to fight me
yet still you waste your time trying to
destroy
huijin's of foolish undertaking in the
first place that's not true
he could pick your sorry behind any day
I've seen him fight he's unbeatable but
I still don't think it's can we have
some I've already killed your short live
friend and perhaps all you need is a
little
no no you wouldn't you could control it
I know you can